I want you to think about it.
I can't think of anything.
I've been crying all day.
I'll change my mind and take a deep breath.
I want you to think of me as a good man.
I want you to change your mind and take a deep breath.
I'll change my mind and take a deep breath.
I want you to think of me as a good man.
Have you ever seen a mirror?
You're not a good man.
You're a bad man.
I want you to do one thing.
I want you to think of me as a good man.
I'll do it.
I'll ask you to do it.
I'll ask you to think of me.
You can do it.
I want you to think of me as a good man.
I'll do it.
There's a small pond on the right.
There's water there.
You should go there.
It's not for you.
You can't go there.
There's water there.
It's dirty.
Did you build it 15 years ago?
I'll show you.
There's a bath bomb.
There's a bath bomb, but it's scary.
If you feel sick, you can hit the wall.
It will sink.
You're thinking of something good.
It's sinking.
It's sinking again.
You're not a child.
I'll do it.
I'll ask you to do it.
You can do it.
You can't think of me as a man.
I see.
You can do it.
You have a long foot.
You have to walk this long.
You can't think of me as a man.
How many years have you been living?
13 years.
You've been doing this for 13 years?
I see.
That's dangerous.
You can do it.